d
the national meteorological service
ladies and gentlemen the state is
informing about the presence of this
which is the front number 42 of this
good season because this front is
associating to the moisture input that
comes from the Pacific a little
gulf of mexico and is organizing
some cloudy in the south center in
the southeast in the Phoenician of Qatar fits
highlight that there will be some
moderate to heavy rainfall
in these regions the cold air mass
that dominates the north the center and the gulf
from Mexico
Well of course the temperatures
low in the states of the interior of
the mexican republic north event in
the coast of the mexico Gulf of 45
kilometers per hour and up to 60 in
the same and gulf of tehuantepec be
very but very attentive to this situation by
the violence that may result
wind to the minor navigators this is
the front number 42 in terms of
good temperatures because I can
say that there are already really very values
ends 37 of maximum 17 mining in
Hermosillo 33 in La Paz 23 in Tijuana 27
in Mazatlan what we are
part of the table
some have already played 27 in the city
juarez 28 the temperatures continue
reporting significantly low there will be
some regions of the same state of
chihuahua where the temperatures are
very low do not say and do not say in
temósachi are points where the
temperatures are much lower than in
these points that we are observing in
so much that you look in the northeast
of warm temperatures in good
part of this region although there is a
discovery of cold air but has not
been so severe and therefore the
temperatures mark these are the 24 27
degrees also of tampico up to 30 the
sky, clear sky, partly cloudy
some very scattered rainfall in
tamaulipas some others also in what
what is the state of querétaro in hidalgo
we can also stop some
precipitation as well as light to
occasionally moderate but if in the
center the middle of the country moderate to
strong with mercè with the possibility of
that the cloudy intensifies by the
late in the west there will also be a
little cloudiness but in fact it is a
clear to medium cloudy very but very
sunny with temperatures really very
nice in these regions
31 33 an maximum temperature in the state
of warrior 31 30 31 degrees
some afternoon rainfall by
the evening night temperatures very
nice to the southeast from warm to
hot the environment with rainfall
moderate to strong and chooses the
abodes in the yucatan peninsula
also with temperatures really very
good at 31 34 and that's why until the
35 degrees there in Merida in the state of
Yucatan here in the city of Mexico
we can wait for the next three
days this Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday
of course cloudiness in most
of the day cleared to mid-cloudy by the
tomorrow afternoon the
new city there is a potential for
rainfall also for the capital
of the republic improves with a
temperature from 24 to 26 these next
days regarding the maximum to the minimum
from 12 to 13 degrees Celsius the maximum
where what do we have to you from the
national meteorological service
with water